listen to a lot of people this is like
the new black mirror it already has a
similar intro and to others it could be
if half of the 18 episodes worked I've
yet to see someone who loves all 18 but
at least the beauty of the show is that
it is an anthology series and it varies
between lengths so while one may not
work for you that one could have been
like five minutes long and then you just
jump to another one that could be 30
minutes long but you may find it to be a
masterpiece they vary in animation
styles and genres some are way bloodier
than others cuz really at the end of the
day it seemed like David Fincher and Tim
Miller wanted to make animation that was
purely for adults and then do it for
adults I personally had a rough 5 that
set out for me so I'll quickly recap the
rest as well because again they may have
not worked for me but maybe you find
them intriguing if you don't know
anything about the show it's on Netflix
if you want to see it before I talk
about it because I will get into
spoilers because at the end of the day I
think it's exciting that through this
show on Netflix a bunch of animators are
getting the work funded and seen so for
that alone it averages out to a jr.
price for me that you can actually
stream in your couch
let me explain so for starters we have
shapeshifters and the secret war that I
thought was pretty interesting as shorts
but if these things were videogames they
would have been great they both look
beautiful to the point of maybe being
too photorealistic but I think it comes
down to these shots not comparing to
something like the revenant where ya
motion capture allows filmmakers to not
have their actors sleep in a bear
carcass but there also comes a point
with animation and the story where I
feel it would be better suited for a
different medium the graph shows that as
a robot becomes more and more human-like
we get more and more comfortable with it
until it hits the peak and then we crash
into the uncanny valley and it worst a
still robot will remind us of a corpse
and a moving robot will remind us of a
zombie that said Yoda motion captured a
horse for like days others look
beautiful like fish nay I thought they
showcased the animation really well even
though it was really depressing now this
guy was hallucinating and then just
jumped to his death some sort of genius
like this one about an app that can show
you alternate realities but
like what they showcase to me was it was
kind of dumb it's different realities of
how Hitler dies but it involves sentient
rats gelatin this is a short that comes
from guys who also made these to other
ones where yogurt becomes sentient and
takes over the world as they move to
another planet three robots from them
was was I guess the best one it was
these three robots who have human
characteristics and they even speak like
humans they they don't know anything
about humans though even though they're
also connected to some sort of network
and then turns out by the end of it that
can't have been running everything on
earth and they just wait for new owners
to come to pet them and you know after
seeing whether they would Captain Marvel
and how much they sold with that cat
it's a pretty realistic ending the
witness I think might have been the
first one that I can't sands it Netflix
was doing this weird thing with the
anthology series where it would play you
at a random episode so I don't really
know if this is the first one or the
last one but this is when I started off
with and it was intriguing when it
started off because we follow a woman
who got killed only to realize that it's
this cycle where they run away from each
other only realize that they're each
other's killers by the end of one cycle
and then they're trying to run away from
the other killer and it's like that I
had no partner they're gonna ask each
other what the heck is going on
suits played and I thought Netflix was
playing me an ad for an Android app it's
pretty much farmville of rednecks
fighting aliens in their Megazords but
the twist here is that they're not on
earth but they're inhabiting another
planet where they're living in these
orbs and these native creatures are just
trying to protect their own land
so gentrification a la avatar cupping
han was gravity meets 127 hours and it
was pretty crazy again would have been
dope as a videogame blind-spot was a
sock in boppers high short where where
people were able to live eternally
externally lucky thirteen was cute since
it follows his bond between a pilot and
her ship who's always managed to get
them out of perilous situations and
again the motion capture in this and
also on Sony's edge continues to
showcase what I believe the future is
going to be Studios having copies of
actors in their vault to use whenever
from a technical side the the behind the
scenes fall out of these are sometimes
even more intriguing than the plots in
my opinion they talk about how
encapture allows the actors to truly
perform because they don't have to worry
too much about blocking they don't have
to focus on a specific camera allowing
free range that's pretty cool
just like my number five pick ice age
has Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Topher
Grace finding a tiny civilization in
their freezer that's moving and fast
forward and I personally like this one
because it has Mary Elizabeth Winstead I
also enjoy miniatures and how they
evolve and it has mary elizabeth
winstead there's not really any answers
as to how it started but what I didn't
get was how this little tiny
civilization didn't explore the space
outside of their freezer but it was
interesting to see a time-lapse of the
miniature civilization what's probably
just a metaphor for the bacteria that's
in their freezer that they later on
consume by accidents and probably get
very sick imagine uncharted Indiana
Jones but has a rated-r Saturday morning
cartoon I'm a big fan of this 2d
animation and and while the violins can
be seen as over-the-top I love the fact
that they're using animation to its
fullest potential especially when the
situation is unleashing a thousand
vampires and this juxtaposition of 2d
animation which were Houston being kind
of more family-friendly and this mature
stuff I found intrigue
this boy got played I really loved the
animation in this one because it felt
like a graphic novel come to life it's
like I was reading a Dark Horse or
vertigo series and it's clear the
director has an eye for masterpieces we
start off in a magic driven world that
quickly gets hit with a steampunk
revolution and we have this story about
a boy who's getting duped into helping
this enchantress that he was actually
supposed to kill but this lady is
playing the long con in order to get
this guy to upgrade her assassin body
into one ninetails killing machine I
thought it was gorgeous I thought this
world could be an entire series or like
I said a graphic novel because I would
buy that day one
this one it's trippy pretty much a space
crew gets trapped in this creatures web
that is able to mentally manipulate them
because it's a nice little creature and
because it doesn't want them to be
doomed to existence since they are
light-years away from their course it
creates this almost fantasy where they
allows them to die slowly and not turn
them into cannibals or have them go
crazy
which I guess it's ideal just throw in a
lifetime supply of virtual chicken
tenders what's crazy is the behind the
scenes to this one because they had to
create a sex scene out of motion capture
and if a real one was already awkward
imagine capturing one where there's no
skin-to-skin contact because you're
wearing suits and bubbles and death it's
weird you have to make it sexy but it's
not sexy at all because it's 8 a.m.
actors have weird suits on them you have
bunch of technicians on the studio and
there is no alcohol involved
finally there's my favorite one easily
which is Zima blue and I love this one
because the animation looks like Samurai
Jack meets Blade Runner it's gorgeous
pretty much you have this artist who
everyone loves they adore this guy his
name is Zima he's creating all these
incredible pieces that then start
including this Zima blue square that
becomes more and more prominent in
everything that he does then not only
does he beat out Trump for the biggest
self-named block in a city but he
himself is upgrading his body or at
least people believe that he is in order
to endure these crazy conditions
everyone's pretty much looking at this
guy as if he's Kanye Ilan and holder
Oski combined into what
yeah 1000% believe that those cyborg AI
Wright's with technology as gonna be our
next political fight it turns out that
this genius inventor who everyone looks
up to right is actually a pool cleaner
pretty much he was created to be this
pool cleaner by this genius who started
upgrading the pool cleaner a little by
little by little and then by the time
she died and by the time it got passed
around from owner to owner it became
more sentient that named itself Zima
after the color of the tiles it used to
claim
myself it's the trickiest thing in the
world but pretty much now that this
thing has become this iRobot it starts
exploring all the cosmos searching for
the meaning of life trying every
experience possible only to realize that
the greatest happiness this thing ever
achieved was doing the thing it was
created to do regardless of how simple
it looked to the world now imagine if
kinda just came apart during a toy it
turned out he was a toaster this whole
time I think you have checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section which
were your favorites what are other shows
that you recommend I know season 5 black
men came out as well there's like some
secret episodes people don't know about
they're on YouTube and other stuff that
have come out so I do want to make a
video on that and of course a bunch of
other stuff but let me know your
thoughts on this series if you're
excited for a second season I feel like
it got a lot of excitement during South
by which was the week that it came out
but no one's really talking about it so
I don't know if again that's the Netflix
effect of things getting buried but I'm
curious to know which ones were your
favorite if there are other series like
this out there that you would recommend
be it under the streaming firt service
let me know as well don't forget to
comment like and subscribe or the yo
plate will guide you into space